SPRINT 3 MEETING 2

AGENDA:
    WHERE ARE WE AT ON TASKS
    DOES ANYONE NEED HELP / SWITCH
    WANT TO BE DONE BY MONDAY

DEREK:

    -Will be starting frontend changes and finishing this weekend

WILLIAM:

    -Finished authentication for local (non-oauth) accounts
    -Still need to add a user-page & rewards system

BRANDON:

    -Adding store hours to google maps page

KEEGAN:

    -Got hosting working
    -Will be doing ADA compliance today
    -Finished a feature where you can see your order while ordering