TUESDAY 11/15/2022

AGENDA:

    -How are we doing on the assigned tasks?
    -Friday Presentation
    -Things for sprint 3?


KEEGAN:

    -Finished the frontend for the additional manager functionalities
    -Still need to hook up and do the actual functionalities

DEREK:

    -Most of the refactoring is done.
    -Removed IDs from the options on each page
    -Still need to do the POST request for order finalization

WILLIAM:

    -Trying out OAUTH in another smaller "project"
    -Want to play with it initially so I know what I'm doing before putting it in ours

BRANDON:

    -Have been super busy with a couple exams, haven't been able to look at it as much as I want to
    -Thinking of different ideas of how to use the maps API.
    -Maybe a good idea would be: Get location -> set default location based on location

-----------

FRIDAY PRESENTATION:

    -Need to get organized for friday presentation.
    -There will be a google slides in the drive tonight.
    -Everybody needs to add what theyve been doing and what they plan on doing this sprint, and less in depth last sprint.

------------

Need to think about things for sprint 3:

    -Become fully compliant
        -Need to set it up on a host
    -Can we add rewards and the google apis together somehow?
    -Fun stuff
        -Facial recognition login
    -Further "gamification". Make things for fun somehow, be it design or otherwise.
